This type of crime is most common in the employment and corporate fields. Generally, the person who commits embezzlement is a trusted employee who has been given access to someone else’s property or money for the purposes of managing, monitoring, and/or using the assets for the owner’s best interests, but then covertly misappropriates the assets for his/her own personal gain and use.



 This type of fraud crime, the embezzler attains the assets lawfully and has the right to possess them but the assets are then used for unintended purposes.
Fraud: is an intentionally deceptive action designed to provide the perpetrator with an unlawful gain or to deny a right to a victim.
I take some steps to reduce this type of crime:



Rotate employee responsibility: Job rotation is a strategy where employees rotate between jobs at the same business.
Require the use of employee ID and password: request your Department to assign a new pair of Login ID and Password.
Implement audit trails: Establishing A Basic Audit Record. Decorating for Audit Season.
Careful screening and background checks of employees: The most common include criminal history searches, including searching national criminal databases (93% of employers) and county/state databases (97%).
Everyone needs a backup: One of the most common scenarios in which employees steal is when they work in the same job for a long time with little supervision. For example, an accountant for a small company may embezzle for years, knowing that no one else closely examines the books.
Look for strange behavior:  Employees often start acting strangely when they’ve committed company theft. Fearing that someone will discover the theft, employees may become reluctant to take vacations, possessive about others using their workspace, or frequently stay at the office after hours.
Put technology to work: There is a wide variety of technologies that help employers combat employee theft. For example, employers that run retail businesses can install software that flags potentially fraudulent transactions, such as an unusually high number of returns, voided sales or after-hours purchases. 
Give employees an anonymous way to report theft:  Tips from co-workers are the most common way that employers find out about employee fraud. 

 So, I think this step can reduce this type of crime.
